Add information about TypeScript templates (#1509)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/guides/typescript.md

> It is **strongly recommended** that you create a `tsconfig.json` file in your project, so that tools like Astro and VSCode know how to understand your project. Some features (like npm package imports) aren't fully supported in TypeScript without a `tsconfig.json` file.

Author: If you don't mind, I think I'll leave this part for @Jutanium as part of https://github.com/withastro/docs/issues/1482!

Explaining why TypeScript is important (as a whole) is a super extensive topic, and even in the context of Astro projects there's a bit of nuance ultimately that I believe is important as even if you don't plan on writing any TypeScript, TypeScript is still what powers completions, diagnostics and other stuff so it's important that it "understands" your project

> It is **strongly recommended** that you create a `tsconfig.json` file in your project, so that tools like Astro and VSCode know how to understand your project. Some features (like npm package imports) aren't fully supported in TypeScript without a `tsconfig.json` file.

Author: Aah, I actually changed my mind on this right after sending the message, nevermind I'll do this

> `tsconfig.json` templates are included in Astro that you can extend from using [the `extends` setting](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig#extends). They can be found here: [astro/tsconfigs/base](https://github.com/withastro/astro/blob/main/packages/astro/tsconfigs/base.json), [astro/tsconfigs/strict](https://github.com/withastro/astro/blob/main/packages/astro/tsconfigs/strict.json) and [astro/tsconfigs/strictest](https://github.com/withastro/astro/blob/main/packages/astro/tsconfigs/strictest.json).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Three extensible `tsconfig.json` templates are included in Astro: `base`, `strict`, and `strictest`. The `base` template powers our VSCode extension and enables several modern ESM features. We recommend using `strict` or `strictest` if you plan to write TypeScript in your project. You can view and compare the three template configurations at [astro/tsconfigs/](https://github.com/withastro/astro/blob/main/packages/astro/tsconfigs/).

To add or change a template, use [the `extends` setting](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig#extends):
```
What do you think about a structure like this? Of course, change anything as necessary to make sure it reads the way someone configuring TypeScript would expect.

Author: I like the structure but this sentence isn't true:

> The `base` template powers our VSCode extension and enables several modern ESM features.

What powers the VS Code extension is ultimately the template the user has chosen. As for features, the `base` template is used as a basis for the `strict` and `strictest` template (but is also usable by itself, strictest extends from strict extends from base), so every templates has the same "features" (apart from strictness related ones)

I'll take the structure here and `extends` from it, ba dum tssh

Reviewer: > I'll take the structure here and `extends` from it

Careful! We're gonna start getting you to write Docs Congrats messages!  ;)

Yes, please do make the statement accurate! I noticed in the template that `strict` extends from `base`, so I assumed that the properties mostly extended each other in order (or at least, both were extended from base). So while I didn't explicitly say that `strict = base plus a strict setting`, I thought maybe that would come across, while emphasizing that the features in base gave you stuff that was useful even if you didn't write any TS in your project. You're right though, it should not sound like base and ONLY base gives you that!

```
This way, you avoid edge cases where Astro's bundler may try to incorrectly bundle your imported types as if they were JavaScript.

> In your `.tsconfig` file, you can instruct TypeScript to help with this. The [`importsNotUsedAsValues` setting](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig#importsNotUsedAsValues) can be set to `error`. Then, TypeScript will check your imports and tell you when  `import type` should be used. This setting is included by default in our strict and strictest bases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your `.tsconfig` file, you can instruct TypeScript to help with this. The [`importsNotUsedAsValues` setting](https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig#importsNotUsedAsValues) can be set to `error`. Then, TypeScript will check your imports and tell you when  `import type` should be used. This setting is included by default in our strict and strictest templates.
```
I'm wondering whether this should be "templates" since we call them templates above.

Author: Yep, accidental leftover because I initially called them bases (that's a term that TypeScript uses, but it's used for a specific repo so not valid here)
